## FTP

The File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is one of the oldest protocols on the Internet. The FTP runs within the application layer of the TCP/IP protocol stack. Thus, it is on the same layer as HTTP or POP. 
These protocols also work with the support of browsers or email clients to perform their services. 
There are also special FTP programs for the File Transfer Protocol.

> FTP is a clear-text protocol that can sometimes be sniffed if conditions on the network are right. However, there is also the possibility that a server offers anonymous FTP

Let us take a look at a few commands of TFTP:
- connect 	Sets the remote host, and optionally the port, for file transfers.
- get 	Transfers a file or set of files from the remote host to the local host.
- put 	Transfers a file or set of files from the local host onto the remote host.
- quit 	Exits tftp.
- status 	Shows the current status of tftp, including the current transfer mode (ascii or binary), connection status, time-out value, and so on.
- verbose 	Turns verbose mode, which displays additional information during file transfer, on or off.
Unlike the FTP client, TFTP does not have directory listing functionality.
---
## Setting
- listen=NO 	Run from inetd or as a standalone daemon?
- listen_ipv6=YES 	Listen on IPv6 ?
- anonymous_enable=NO 	Enable Anonymous access?
- local_enable=YES 	Allow local users to login?
- dirmessage_enable=YES 	Display active directory messages when users go into certain directories?
- use_localtime=YES 	Use local time?
- xferlog_enable=YES 	Activate logging of uploads/downloads?
- connect_from_port_20=YES 	Connect from port 20?
- secure_chroot_dir=/var/run/vsftpd/empty 	Name of an empty directory
- pam_service_name=vsftpd 	This string is the name of the PAM service vsftpd will use.
- rsa_cert_file=/etc/ssl/certs/ssl-cert-snakeoil.pem 	The last three options specify the location of the RSA certificate to use for SSL encrypted connections.
- rsa_private_key_file=/etc/ssl/private/ssl-cert-snakeoil.key 	
- ssl_enable=NO
